feature(tulip): Adding example for Tulip interfaces (#510)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: README.md

- [tidb](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/tidb) - This is an example source connector that demonstrates incremental replication from TiDB databases into Fivetran destinations. It supports schema declaration, stateful checkpointing via `created_at`, and optional vector-column parsing for JSON/vector payloads.
- [timescale_db](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/timescale_db) - This example shows how to sync data from TimescaleDb using Connector SDK. It uses the `psycopg2` library to connect to TimescaleDb and fetch time-series and vector data from specified tables. You need to provide your TimescaleDb credentials for this example to work.
- [toast](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/toast) - This is an example of how we can sync Toast data using the Connector SDK. You would need to provide your Toast credentials for this example to work.

> - [tulip_interfaces](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/tulip_interfaces) - Syncs data from Tulip Tables to Fivetran locations. Tulip is frontline operations palform. You need a Tulip instance with permissions to create API keys for the example to work.

Reviewer: still a typo - **paltform** - Please fix that

> - [tulip_interfaces](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/tulip_interfaces) - Syncs data from Tulip Tables to Fivetran locations. Tulip is frontline operations platform. You need a Tulip instance with permissions to create API keys for the example to work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [tulip_interfaces](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/tulip_interfaces) - Syncs data from Tulip Tables to Fivetran destinations. You need a Tulip instance with permissions to create API keys for the example to work.
```

- [tidb](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/tidb) - This is an example source connector that demonstrates incremental replication from TiDB databases into Fivetran destinations. It supports schema declaration, stateful checkpointing via `created_at`, and optional vector-column parsing for JSON/vector payloads.
- [timescale_db](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/timescale_db) - This example shows how to sync data from TimescaleDb using Connector SDK. It uses the `psycopg2` library to connect to TimescaleDb and fetch time-series and vector data from specified tables. You need to provide your TimescaleDb credentials for this example to work.
- [toast](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/toast) - This is an example of how we can sync Toast data using the Connector SDK. You would need to provide your Toast credentials for this example to work.

> - [tulip_interfaces](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/tulip_interfaces) - Syncs data from Tulip Tables to Fivetran locations. Tulip is frontline operations platform. You need a Tulip instance with permissions to create API keys for the example to work.

Author: @fivetran-anushkaparashar I will get there in the end!
